Privacy Policy

Introduction
This page outlines how your private data is being handled by the Super Auto Pets Replay Bot.

The Privacy Policy was last updated on the 10th of May 2026.

Policy changes
We may change these Terms and will notify users via Discord.

Required Data
In order to provide the Game to you, we need to collect certain data about you. Which data and for what purpose is defined below.

User Provided Data
The following data is provided by you and stored at the SAP Library:

Super Auto Pets Replay Code: Required for bot use.

Automatic Data Collection
The following data is collected and stored (elsewhere) when using the bot:

Super Auto Pets Replay Code: Required for bot use, used to provide a bot replay image/calculation image.

User Generated Data
While using the Bot, you generate data that we need to process in order to provide the Game to you, notably the boards generated by your replay data.

Some of this generated data will be publicly available to other users via the SAP Library.

Legitimate interest
We process user generated data in order to:

Reproduce bugs and errors
Deliver the Bot's services to the user

Third Party Data Privacy
The Game uses third-party services that may collect information used to identify you:

The SAP Library (sap-library.vercel.app)

The SAP Calculator (sap-calculator.com)

Cookies
Our service uses no cookies.

Security
All data transmissions use encryption, and are stored in places that use access control. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee absolute security due to the inherent vulnerabilities of internet-based transmissions.

Links to Other Sites
The Bot uses links to other sites not operated by us (listed above). Please use at your own discretion and be sure to review their privacy policies.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us @lgtyqz on Discord.